[Music]
what's up guys I'm bacon this first part
just to recap my last video the second
part just shows what happened
hey goalie why are you gonna play I'm
gonna beat please I'm trying to play
serious dude my controller don't cry
because you're being filmed since the
beginning of the game and I'm not gonna
go out the details and tell you who I
work for in whatever just make sure you
get your shit together I'm gonna give
you one good warning you know what I
could do if I was having an issue with
everybody I could make up a fake job and
say that I'd work there that would be a
good thing to do Wow red pick it up it
was like fucking fifty feet away from me
you fucking annoying yo do the rest of
the EA Sports employees come and lipof
people and call them faggots and stuff
you go figure I got the bad luck of
hooking up in a game with an EA Sports
employee fuck sakes I know you don't
work for eSports I think you're a
dumbass my gamertag's fine
then I'll see you next time now I'm just
gonna make a trolling video oh yeah well
what the fuck what's this usually I can
sign in there what's new and ID shelter
team
fuck you me I'm playing this game for a
few GM vehicle we're playing this game
for like 11 months
get out of here Giroux movie why is it
starting all over yo what's going on
here
I should get deleted y'all no way that
guy actually delete me that guy wasn't
bullshitting me
whoa you must sign up for Sony
Entertainment Network holy shit
Sony actually banned me oh fuck that
horse piss you gotta be that guy was
serious
Oh sony Sony network account must be
signed and that's why I couldn't even
get on the that's why I couldn't even
sign it Sony just fucking banned me
come on well motherfuck
there goes all my good stats fuck if I
got you for one second you gotta click
like down there right now so I didn't
get deleted I didn't get hacked Sony
didn't Sony didn't kick me off I didn't
get banned so I still got my goalie
stats they're 70 overall you guys always
want to see my stats I got that almost
point-seven same percentage and six
point four seven eight goals against
average all I did was switch to profile
and I actually scared the shit out of
myself at first cuz I didn't know that
I'd switch the profile switch profile
makes you sign up again or at least sign
into the other account that's what
happened there if I got you click that
like button see you guys
[Music]
you